very good family How are you? Well,
will you forgive me if my face is a little
swollen Not yet, but you
know that until now I'm not a complete
person. Today I got up a little
early because I was
trying to prepare something
juicy for later in the afternoon to
see if I can make it and if I can make it you're going to
like it a lot and I'm making this video. How to
update, well, update, no,
rather a rectification of a topic that we
talked about yesterday, okay. And it is that according to
a person who in fact
wrote to me directly without me calling her
to tell me this and to warn me, no,
because you know that we can make
mistakes, we are not here, we are not
lawyers, judges, jurists or anything like that, it
seems that Terelu Campos would
not be accused for the moment in the
deluxe operation, the capture that you already
know that yesterday Koto Matamoros published
a piece, a screenshot of a
car that seems to belong to the
subject of the deluxe operation. Well, in
this car,
Terelu was listed among the names of the accused. Okay, what's
happening? According to  They tell me Okay According to what they
tell me, that car, that paper from yesterday
belongs to the beginning of the
investigations that the
criminal court number 4 is following, not that it is
handling the issue of operation deluxe and
that Terelu's procedural situation
still or at the moment would not be that of an
accused, okay. It is true that they
are seeing if she will be accused or not
because hey, there seems to be some
relationship there but since it is a very
delicate subject we are going to tell things as they
are and for now, well, no, I
tell you, there are several media outlets
as well that have mentioned that she
was accused, no, so let's see there
is a lot of confusion but from what they
tell me Terelu's procedural situation
remains to be seen, okay, it remains to be seen so
for now we are going to wait because there are already
a few days left, the cause of the
proceedings were extended for six months and
they are about to end those six
months in just a few days and the
intentions they had were Maybe to
charge more people So we are going to
wait for these days to pass and when
these days pass we will see if Terelu is
one of the new accused or
however  They leave her out of the case, we're not going
to see what happens. No, there were
also rumors that
the investigation was going to be extended for another six months. I don't
know if that will take place or if they will. Yeah, of
course, but I wanted to clarify this. Okay, I'm telling
you, that is, here we are not
lawyers or jurists or anything like that.
In fact, she tells me to be
careful with that screenshot that she
published shortly because the data of
the attorneys and others that appear in
it are protected by the
data protection law. So be very
careful, family. Nothing, she's not updating you.
This is what she tells me. I know that many
people had been pleased or
something like that, but no, at the moment,
Terelu's legal situation remains
to be seen. See you later, family.